Clarification about the If-Else block. (#26926)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/csharp/if-else-statement/index.md

# If Else Statement

> The If-Else statement executes a block of code depending on whether your precondition is fullfilled or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `if else` statement executes a block of code depending on whether your precondition is fulfilled or not.
```

> If the 'If' condition is not met then it performs the 'Else' block by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `if` condition is not met then it performs the `else` block. 
```
